It seems to me that what Rubiales did
is very ugly, I don't care about the Euphoria, the
moment, the I don't know what, you have to know how to be
in your place, Rubiales doesn't only have
that, Rubial touches his package in the police box, Rubiales
has other controversies in
which he has been saved because of his friendship
with Pedro Sánchez, that is very clear to me,
Ana Rosa Quintana in an interview has
not hesitated to express her
opinion on this subject and has made
her position very clear, pointing out that it is
true that Rubiales throughout his
career has had other attitudes
that were indeed worthy of condemnation, at
least dismissal from his job, but that he has
always been protected,
probably by the PSOE and that it calls her
attention to say the least that now
importance is being given to this irrelevant fact